[TPO] experimental TPO trainer (#5506)
huggingface/trl: docs/source/paper_index.md

)
```

## Triple Preference Optimization

Papers relating to the [`experimental.tpo.TPOTrainer`]

### Triple Preference Optimization: Achieving Better Alignment using a Single Step Optimization

**📜 Paper**: https://huggingface.co/papers/2405.16681

Introduces Triple Preference Optimization (TPO), a preference learning method that aligns an LLM with three responses per prompt — a gold (`reference`) completion, a preferred (`chosen`) completion and a dispreferred (`rejected`) completion — in a single optimization step. TPO combines a contrastive objective on the (chosen, rejected) pair with a supervised NLL term on the gold response, removing the need for a separate SFT stage and the reference model used in DPO. Used in TRL via [`experimental.tpo.TPOTrainer`]. To reproduce the paper's setting (Llama-3-Base, 5K), use this configuration:

```python
from trl.experimental.tpo import TPOConfig

training_args = TPOConfig(
    loss_type="sigmoid",  # contrastive loss between chosen and rejected (Section 3 of the paper)
    tpo_alpha=1.0,  # weight of the NLL term on the gold response (Section 3 of the paper)
    beta=0.01,  # β temperature (Table 2 of the paper)

>     learning_rate=5e-7,  # Table 2 of the paper

Reviewer: Isn't Table 6 instead?

```suggestion
    beta=0.01,  # β temperature (Table 6 of the paper)
    learning_rate=5e-7,  # Table 6 of the paper
```

    num_train_epochs=1,
    max_length=1024,
)
```

To use the TPO-L variant (length-normalized log-probabilities with a target reward margin γ), set `loss_type="tpo-l"` and `tpo_l_gamma`:

```python
from trl.experimental.tpo import TPOConfig

training_args = TPOConfig(
    loss_type="tpo-l",  # length-normalized variant (Section 3 of the paper)
    tpo_alpha=1.0,
    beta=0.01,

>     tpo_l_gamma=5.4,  # γ target reward margin (Table 2 of the paper, Llama-3-Base 5K)

Reviewer: The default value in the paper isn't 0.5? Also, isn't Table 6 instead?
```suggestion
    tpo_l_gamma=0.5,  # γ target reward margin (Table 6 of the paper, Llama-3-Base 5K)
```
